there they mixed we doubt
as you see here my daughter is
lan and he's only four years old and he's already
find making tortillas for your
father
how old are you daughter
what are four years and what are you
You are doing
tortilla you know how to make tortillas daughter
wow
it looks very rich that tortilla
and you're making me my tortilla is
because I'm going to work
wow daughter
I will not worry anymore
because I already have my daughter who is
making eating true and already as you
makes it known to see is what is called
dough
massa to be tortilla so the ball to
see where to see how it's done to see
explain, you put it on me and then you put it on
the
language or of lis and what good
to see now what's next
wow bravo daughter
you know how to make tortillas
which depends
how many are you going to do
many true tortillas
look
as you're going to make another tortilla
how well you know how to make daughter
are you going to make me tacos or do not you go and nothing else
you will put it on me
tacos and what are you going to put inside
meat that more
what else are you going to put
how is it called frijolitos
today cheese and cremita although rich daughter
How delicious to see our tortilla
watch
and young people
how well do you do my daughter
this
okay
they look like rich daughters
good
another tortilla
and he's hungry he says he wants a taco r
etc
if not
how good
and today is small, there is no more
it's over
so that's why it came out a little
a mini tortilla that made of wool
there is no more here and there is no more
the tortilla is over, say goodbye, a thousand
I hope you like my tortillas
if you go
goodbye bye bye